get-rid-of-github-path-in-dependencies (#33)
IKZ-Berlin/nomad-ikz-plugin: README.md

## Installation

To use this plugin you need to install several dependent packages.

There are at least two ways of installing them, depending on your aim:

- Deploy a custom NOMAD Oasis image.
  Refer to the [IKZ NOMAD Oasis custom image](https://github.com/IKZ-Berlin/nomad-oasis-ikz/tree/main) to discover how the `pyproject.toml` is composed.

>   You will need the following lines to fulfill the dependencies of this plugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you are using some plugins in your Oasis deployment that are also dependencies of this plugin, make sure to have compatible version tags. To do this, you will need the following lines in your Oasis deployment's `pyproject.toml`:
```

  ```
  [project.optional-dependencies]
  plugins = [
    "nomad-material-processing @ git+https://github.com/FAIRmat-NFDI/nomad-material-processing.git@8545ef374ac53169fe1e40be927a212a364ebda1",
    "nomad-measurements @ git+https://github.com/FAIRmat-NFDI/nomad-measurements.git@237dd2b6fc6152dbb8370a24dce26e483fb8ba78",
    "nomad-analysis @ git+https://github.com/FAIRmat-NFDI/nomad-analysis.git@7f2fe10084953e2827389e2bcb42df6b106ab484",
    "nomad-ikz-plugin",
    "uv_vis_nir_transmission @ git+https://github.com/FAIRmat-NFDI/AreaA-data_modeling_and_schemas.git@245a82ddc24da5f8aaa79164e6669c18c2bc1572#subdirectory=transmission/transmission_plugin/uv_vis_nir_transmission_plugin",
    "lakeshore-nomad-plugin @ git+https://github.com/IKZ-Berlin/lakeshore-nomad-plugin.git@69a6deb3f0e99d7b0dc66714105dd62a56f157e9",
    "laytec_epitt_plugin @ git+https://github.com/IKZ-Berlin/laytec_epitt_nomad_plugin.git@f4953ac4ecb55b7003dee323d7d7f473e49ab4e3",
    "statsmodels" 

>     ]

Reviewer: These git paths will change in the near future, as we update the plugins. Making this a part of the docu will require us to update it every time.

>     ]

Reviewer: These git paths will change in the near future, as we update the plugins. Making this a part of the docu will require us to update it every time.
